docs/index.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Readme
slug: /
---

## **Submission Resources**

This section is for you (evaluators, judges, advisers, and friends)!!!

- Readme: What you are looking at is the Readme!
- [NUSConnect](https://nus-connect.vercel.app/)
- [Project Log](ProjectLog)
- [Project Poster](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/notawakestudio/NUSConnect/main/public/NotAwake.png)
- [Project Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXnn7Yx96TU)

## **Level of achievement**

Officially: Artemis

In our own words:
> A software application that we are proud of. One that follows the standard software engineering practices. One that we are not afraid to show you the code. One that we use to remember this summer of NUS CS journey.

## **Project Scope**

- One sentence version: Jump in the learning loop today!
- A longer descriptive version: A gamified learning management system that is
  accessible to all and easy to use.

## **Software Engineering Practices**
We hope to build something that is:
- Well functioning
- Well documented
- Well tested

## **Milestone 1 (Ideation)**

### Problem motivation

Frustrated with the lack of material and information available from previous
sem’s and the lack of functionality in the official learning management system
LumiNUS, we set out to design a system where students can learn their module
content in a more engaging way.

With our background as teaching assistants for the module CS2030(Programming
methodology II), we have a burning desire to help our students strive for
perfection. We know that learning takes time and continuous effort, but making
the process of learning fun and enjoyable will greatly improve students’
performance.

We hope that our project becomes a source of external motivating factors that
nudge students to learn the materials by heart. We want students to feel good
doing assignments, and be rewarded with virtual points and record their attempts
for further analysis. We also want students to try alternative ways of learning,
via questions and answers in a forum, via quizzes that are self generated or
created by the TAs, and via consolidating their learning into articles to be
shared with other module students in the wiki.

If you think: "Yet another contrived combination of Luminous and Coursemology", please read our [Competitive Anaylsis](CompetitiveAnalysis) section to find out why we think different.
### Proposed core features

- Forum:
  - A forum for students to interact with one another, with live chatting,
    up-voting.
  - Responsive and smart design so students have an easy time navigating between
    posts.
- Wiki:
  - Knowledge database for students to see a collection of articles and diagrams
    that aid in explaining concepts taught in class.
  - Create a network of reference materials so that students won’t have to waste
    time googling
- Quiz:
  - Students and TAs can post their own quizzes and look back on past quizzes
  - Rich features help to make creating quizzes easy and efficient e.g. support
    for markdown etc...

View implementation of core features [here](DeveloperGuide#quiz)

### User Stories

View all our user stories [here](DeveloperGuide#user-stories)!

### Design and plan

The design (UI/UX) side of things are yet to be finalized, but we have created
multiple design mockups in Figma and also aimed for a minimalistic look for a
start.

Refer to our timeline for detailed [plan](Timeline)

## **Note to readers**

As we are still in the process of building the application, some parts of the
documentation are yet to be finalized. However, please feel free to look around
and see what we have documented so far :)

## **Internal Resources**

- Designs:
  [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/G0ajAThyYnljoAg9M25ahR/Not-Awake-team-library?node-id=0%3A1)
- Documents:
  [Google docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gVK1er13XGxM9K4T8hWutoqQm9WUkyBN_oKn4uAAlRk/edit)

Commit message:

Add testing cases for forum

docs/index.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Readme
slug: /
---

## **Submission Resources**

This section is for you (evaluators, judges, advisers, and friends)!!!

- Readme: What you are looking at is the Readme!
- [NUSConnect](https://nus-connect.vercel.app/)
- [Project Log](ProjectLog)
- [Project Poster](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/notawakestudio/NUSConnect/main/public/NotAwake.png)
- [Project Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXnn7Yx96TU)

Take a look the other pages!

- [User Guide](UserGuide)
- [Developer Guide](DeveloperGuide)
- [Workflow Guide](WorkflowGuide)
- [DevOps Guide](DevOpsGuide)
- [Testing Guide](TestingGuide)
- [Configuration Guide](ConfigurationGuide)
- [Timeline](Timeline)
- [ProjectLog](ProjectLog)
- [Competitive Analysis](CompetitiveAnalysis)

## **Level of achievement**

Officially: Artemis

In our own words:

> A software application that we are proud of. One that follows the standard
> software engineering practices. One that we are not afraid to show you the
> code. One that we use to remember this summer of NUS CS journey.

## **Project Scope**

- One sentence version: Jump in the learning loop today!
- A longer descriptive version: A gamified learning management system that is
  accessible to all and easy to use.

## **Software Engineering Practices**

We hope to build something that is:

- Well functioning
- Well documented
- Well tested

## **Milestone 1 (Ideation)**

### Problem motivation

Frustrated with the lack of material and information available from previous
sem’s and the lack of functionality in the official learning management system
LumiNUS, we set out to design a system where students can learn their module
content in a more engaging way.

With our background as teaching assistants for the module CS2030(Programming
methodology II), we have a burning desire to help our students strive for
perfection. We know that learning takes time and continuous effort, but making
the process of learning fun and enjoyable will greatly improve students’
performance.

We hope that our project becomes a source of external motivating factors that
nudge students to learn the materials by heart. We want students to feel good
doing assignments, and be rewarded with virtual points and record their attempts
for further analysis. We also want students to try alternative ways of learning,
via questions and answers in a forum, via quizzes that are self generated or
created by the TAs, and via consolidating their learning into articles to be
shared with other module students in the wiki.

If you think: "Yet another contrived combination of Luminous and Coursemology",
please read our [Competitive Anaylsis](CompetitiveAnalysis) section to find out
why we think different.

### Proposed core features

- Forum:
  - A forum for students to interact with one another, with live chatting,
    up-voting.
  - Responsive and smart design so students have an easy time navigating between
    posts.
- Wiki:
  - Knowledge database for students to see a collection of articles and diagrams
    that aid in explaining concepts taught in class.
  - Create a network of reference materials so that students won’t have to waste
    time googling
- Quiz:
  - Students and TAs can post their own quizzes and look back on past quizzes
  - Rich features help to make creating quizzes easy and efficient e.g. support
    for markdown etc...

View implementation of core features [here](DeveloperGuide#quiz)

### User Stories

View all our user stories [here](DeveloperGuide#user-stories)!

### Design and plan

The design (UI/UX) side of things are yet to be finalized, but we have created
multiple design mockups in Figma and also aimed for a minimalistic look for a
start.

Refer to our timeline for detailed [plan](Timeline)

## **Note to readers**

As we are still in the process of building the application, some parts of the
documentation are yet to be finalized. However, please feel free to look around
and see what we have documented so far :)

## **Internal Resources**

- Designs:
  [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/G0ajAThyYnljoAg9M25ahR/Not-Awake-team-library?node-id=0%3A1)
- Documents:
  [Google docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gVK1er13XGxM9K4T8hWutoqQm9WUkyBN_oKn4uAAlRk/edit)
